[Music]
in the Lego universe the evil Lord
business finds a super weapon called the
kragle the wizard Vitruvius attempts to
stop him but is blinded by Lord
businesses robots before Lord business
leaves with the weapon the trivias
prophesies that someone called the
special will find the piece of
resistance a brick capable of stopping
the kragle eight and a half years later
in the city of bricksburg
ordinary construction worker emmet
brickowski notices a mysterious woman
searching for something at his
construction site when he investigates
Emmet falls into a hole and finds the
piece of resistance compelled to touch
it Emmet experiences vivid visions and
passes out he awakens with the piece of
resistance attached to his back in the
custody of good cop / bad cop Lord
business's lieutenant the woman who
introduces herself as wyldstyle rescues
Emmet believing him to be the special
and takes him to meet Vitruvius in the
Old West
Emmet learns wild style and Vitruvius
are master builders people capable of
building anything from their imagination
without the need of instructions who
oppose Lord business wyldstyle explains
that Lord business wants to use the
kragle a tube of crazy glue with a worn
down label to freeze the world into
perfection though disappointed to find
Emmet is not a master builder wild style
and Vitruvius are convinced of his
potential when he recalls visions of a
seemingly human deity referred to as the
man upstairs
Emmet wild style and Vitruvius evade bad
cops forces with the aid of Batman wild
styles boyfriend they go to the hidden
realm of cloud cuckoo-land to attend a
Council of Master Builders all of whom
are unimpressed with Emmet and refuse to
fight Lord business bad cops forces
invade cloud cuckoo-land having placed a
tracking device on Emmet and capture
everyone except Emmet wyldstyle Batman
Vitruvius and a small group of other
Master Builders and cloud cuckoo-land is
destroyed Emmet devises a plan to
infiltrate Lord business's office tower
and disarm the kragle with help from
princess unikitty and the pirate metal
beard the plan goes well at first but
the group ends up captured and
imprisoned in the think tank where all
the master-builders are forced to make
instructions Vitruvius resists but his
decapitated bed Lord business who sets a
self-destruct protocol and leaves
everyone to die
including bad cop as he dies Vitruvius
reveals he made up the prophecy he soon
reappears to Emmet as a ghost and
reveals self belief is what makes one
the special
strapped the self-destruct mechanisms
battery Emmet jumps into the abyss
outside the tower and severs the
connection saving his friends inspired
by Emmet sacrifice
wyldstyle rallies the Lego people across
the universe to use whatever creativity
they have to build machines and weapons
to fight against Lord business's army of
micromanagers Emmet finds himself in the
human world as a Lego minifigure unable
to move the events of the story are
being played out by a boy named Finn on
his father's expansive Lego set in their
basement his father the man upstairs
comes home from work and is horrified to
see his son ruining his ideal set up by
combining different playsets and
ignoring the instructions and
immediately proceeds to undo Finn's
changes and permanently glue the pieces
together realizing the danger his
friends are in and it wills himself to
move and gains Finn's attention Finn
returns Emmet and the piece of
resistance to the set where Emmet now
possesses the powers of a master builder
and confronts business in bricksburg
meanwhile Finn's father looks at his
sons creations and realizes Finn had
based the villainous Lord business on
him and his perfectionism through a
speech Emma gives Lord business Finn's
father comes to his senses and
apologizes to his son and the two unglue
the constructions which plays out as
Lord business having a change of heart
capping the kragle and freeing his
victims Emmet is hailed as a hero and
begins a romantic relationship with wild
style with Batman's blessing Finn's
father then allows Finn's younger sister
to join them in playing with his LEGO
sets as well resulting in aliens from
the planet Duplin beaming down to the
Lego world and announcing their plans to
destroy everyone
you
[Music]